c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\App.xaml
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.exe
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.pdb
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\resources.pri
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\bin\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.exe
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.pdb
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\PasswordSafe.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\vasileios\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe\PasswordSafe.Windows\obj\x86\Release\ProjectArchitectures.txt
